IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENT TIFLZA RIGHT NOW UNDER DEMOCRATIC
RIGHT NOW UNDER DEMOCRATIC CONTROL.
CONTROL. IF THE DEMOCRATS TOOK CONTROL
IF THE DEMOCRATS TOOK CONTROL TWO YEARS FROM NOW, MITCH
TWO YEARS FROM NOW, MITCH McCONNELL WOULD BE WATCHING FROM
McCONNELL WOULD BE WATCHING FROM THE SIDELINES EVEN IF HE DID
THE SIDELINES EVEN IF HE DID MANAGE TO RUN FOR RE-ELECTION.
MANAGE TO RUN FOR RE-ELECTION. AND WHAT HAPPENS IN THE HOUSE OF
AND WHAT HAPPENS IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES IS THAT THE
REPRESENTATIVES IS THAT THE FRESHMAN MEMBERS ON THE
FRESHMAN MEMBERS ON THE DEMOCRATIC SIDE OF THE HOUSE
DEMOCRATIC SIDE OF THE HOUSE HAVE CHANGED EVERYTHING.
HAVE CHANGED EVERYTHING. ONE OF THE NEW STARS OF THE
ONE OF THE NEW STARS OF THE FRESHMAN CLASS AND THE HOUSE OF
FRESHMAN CLASS AND THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES WILL JOIN US IN
REPRESENTATIVES WILL JOIN US IN A MOMENT.
A MOMENT. SHE HAS ALREADY MASTERED THE
SHE HAS ALREADY MASTERED THE VERY DIFFICULT ART OF HAVING A
VERY DIFFICULT ART OF HAVING A REAL IMPACT IN THOSE FIVE
REAL IMPACT IN THOSE FIVE MINUTES OF QUESTION TIME THAT
MINUTES OF QUESTION TIME THAT SHE’S ALLOWED IN HOUSE HEARINGS.
SHE’S ALLOWED IN HOUSE HEARINGS. BETTER THAN DEMOCRATIC
BETTER THAN DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSWOMAN KATHERINE CLARK OF
CONGRESSWOMAN KATHERINE CLARK OF MASSACHUSETTS.
MASSACHUSETTS. AS A MEMBER OF NANCY PELOSI’S
AS A MEMBER OF NANCY PELOSI’S LEADERSHIP TEAM, KATHERINE CLARK
LEADERSHIP TEAM, KATHERINE CLARK IS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE CHAIR
IS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE CHAIR OF DEMOCRATIC CONGRESS, AND THIS
OF DEMOCRATIC CONGRESS, AND THIS IS WHAT SHE SAYS ABOUT HER NEW
IS WHAT SHE SAYS ABOUT HER NEW FRESHMAN MEMBERS.
FRESHMAN MEMBERS. >> I DO THINK THE FRESHMEN HAVE
>> I DO THINK THE FRESHMEN HAVE CHANGED EVERYTHING.
CHANGED EVERYTHING. >> THOSE FRESHMEN GOT A CHANCE
>> THOSE FRESHMEN GOT A CHANCE TO CHANGE EVERYTHING BECAUSE
TO CHANGE EVERYTHING BECAUSE VOTERS SENT THEM TO CONGRESS TO
VOTERS SENT THEM TO CONGRESS TO CHANGE EVERYTHING, AND
CHANGE EVERYTHING, AND EVERYTHING THEY HAVE CHANGED HAS
EVERYTHING THEY HAVE CHANGED HAS BEEN BAD FOR DONALD TRUMP AND
BEEN BAD FOR DONALD TRUMP AND THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.
THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION. >> THOSE FRESHMEN HAVE DELIVERED
>> THOSE FRESHMEN HAVE DELIVERED US THE MAJORITY.
US THE MAJORITY. WE ARE NOW ABLE TO HAVE THE
WE ARE NOW ABLE TO HAVE THE INVESTIGATIONS THAT REPUBLICANS
INVESTIGATIONS THAT REPUBLICANS REFUSE TO LOOK AT, REFUSE TO
REFUSE TO LOOK AT, REFUSE TO TAKE UP, AND TO DO OUR JOB AS
TAKE UP, AND TO DO OUR JOB AS LAID OUT IN ARTICLE I.
LAID OUT IN ARTICLE I. SO, YES, I THINK THEY HAVE
SO, YES, I THINK THEY HAVE CHANGED EVERYTHING AND HAVE
CHANGED EVERYTHING AND HAVE GIFRENGIFR
GIFRENGIFR GIVEN US THE TOOLS WE NEED TO BE
GIVEN US THE TOOLS WE NEED TO BE ABLE TO HOLD THIS ADMINISTRATION
ABLE TO HOLD THIS ADMINISTRATION ACCOUNTABLE.
ACCOUNTABLE. >> WE ARE SEEING DRAMATIC
>> WE ARE SEEING DRAMATIC MOMENTS IN HEARINGS NOW
MOMENTS IN HEARINGS NOW ROUTINELY THAT WE USED TO SEE
ROUTINELY THAT WE USED TO SEE ONCE OR TWICE IN A DECADE IN THE
ONCE OR TWICE IN A DECADE IN THE PAST THE WAY THE CONGRESS
PAST THE WAY THE CONGRESS WORKED.
WORKED. MEMBERS OF CONGRESS COMING TO
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS COMING TO THE HEARINGS NOW PREPARED AND
THE HEARINGS NOW PREPARED AND READY TO HOLD WITNESSES
READY TO HOLD WITNESSES ACCOUNTABLE AND TO DO IT IN AS
ACCOUNTABLE AND TO DO IT IN AS POINTED AND DRAMATIC A WAY AS
POINTED AND DRAMATIC A WAY AS YOU CAN AND AN OTHERWISE
YOU CAN AND AN OTHERWISE CONFINING SETTING OF A HEARING
CONFINING SETTING OF A HEARING ROOM.
ROOM. TODAY THE ACTION WAS IN THE
TODAY THE ACTION WAS IN THE HOUSE FINANCIAL COMMITTEE.
HOUSE FINANCIAL COMMITTEE. THE ONE QUESTIONING WAS THE CEO
THE ONE QUESTIONING WAS THE CEO OF WELLS FARGO.
OF WELLS FARGO. WELLS FARGO HAS PAID $12 MILLION
WELLS FARGO HAS PAID $12 MILLION IN SAVINGS SINCE THEY OPENED
IN SAVINGS SINCE THEY OPENED MILLIONS OF ACCOUNTS WITHOUT
MILLIONS OF ACCOUNTS WITHOUT CUSTOMERS’ KNOWLEDGE AMID
CUSTOMERS’ KNOWLEDGE AMID CUSTOMER ABUSES.
CUSTOMER ABUSES. THE YOUNGEST WOMAN EVER ELECTED
THE YOUNGEST WOMAN EVER ELECTED TO CONGRESS CAME TO ALL THE
TO CONGRESS CAME TO ALL THE HEARINGS TODAY, AS SHE HAS SO
HEARINGS TODAY, AS SHE HAS SO FAR, READY TO CHALLENGE A
FAR, READY TO CHALLENGE A WITNESS IN A WAY THAT
WITNESS IN A WAY THAT REPUBLICANS NEVER WOULD.
REPUBLICANS NEVER WOULD. SHE FOCUSED ON WELLS FARGO’S
SHE FOCUSED ON WELLS FARGO’S FINANCING FOR THE DAKOTA ACCESS
FINANCING FOR THE DAKOTA ACCESS PIPELINE THAT THE OBAMA
PIPELINE THAT THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION SUSPENDED
ADMINISTRATION SUSPENDED CONSTRUCTION OF AFTER THE SIOUX
CONSTRUCTION OF AFTER THE SIOUX TRIBE CHALLENGED THAT PROJECT IN
TRIBE CHALLENGED THAT PROJECT IN COURT.
COURT. THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION,
THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, IMMEDIATELY AFTER TAKING OFFICE,
IMMEDIATELY AFTER TAKING OFFICE, ALLOWED THE PROJECT TO GO
ALLOWED THE PROJECT TO GO FORWARD WITH FINANCING FROM
FORWARD WITH FINANCING FROM WELLS FARGO.
WELLS FARGO. >> HYPOTHETICALLY, IF THERE WAS
>> HYPOTHETICALLY, IF THERE WAS A LEAK FROM THE DAKOTA ACCESS
A LEAK FROM THE DAKOTA ACCESS PIPELINE, WHY SHOULDN’T WELLS
PIPELINE, WHY SHOULDN’T WELLS FARGO PAY FOR THE CLEANUP OF IT
FARGO PAY FOR THE CLEANUP OF IT SINCE IT PAID FOR THE
SINCE IT PAID FOR THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE PIPELINE
CONSTRUCTION OF THE PIPELINE ITSELF?
ITSELF? >> BECAUSE WE DON’T OPERATE THE
>> BECAUSE WE DON’T OPERATE THE PIPELINE.
PIPELINE. WE PROVIDE FINANCING TO THE
WE PROVIDE FINANCING TO THE COMPANY THAT’S OPERATING THE
COMPANY THAT’S OPERATING THE PIPELINE.
PIPELINE. OUR RESPONSIBILITY IS TO ENSURE
OUR RESPONSIBILITY IS TO ENSURE THAT AT THE TIME THAT WE MAKE
THAT AT THE TIME THAT WE MAKE THAT LOAN, THAT THAT CUSTOMER --
THAT LOAN, THAT THAT CUSTOMER -- AND WE HAVE A GROUP OF PEOPLE IN
AND WE HAVE A GROUP OF PEOPLE IN WELLS FARGO, INCLUDING A VIRAL,
WELLS FARGO, INCLUDING A VIRAL, MENTAL OVERSIGHT GROUP HEADED BY
MENTAL OVERSIGHT GROUP HEADED BY ONE OF MY COLLEAGUES WHO USED TO
ONE OF MY COLLEAGUES WHO USED TO BE AT DPDA --
BE AT DPDA -- >> DIDN’T WELLS FARGO FINANCE
>> DIDN’T WELLS FARGO FINANCE THIS PIPELINE WHEN IT WAS WIDELY
THIS PIPELINE WHEN IT WAS WIDELY SEEN TO BE ENVIRONMENTALLY
SEEN TO BE ENVIRONMENTALLY UNSTABLE?
UNSTABLE? >> THE REASON WHY WE WERE ONE OF
>> THE REASON WHY WE WERE ONE OF THE 17 OR 19 BANKS THAT
THE 17 OR 19 BANKS THAT FINANCEsEDFINANCEsD
FINANCEsEDFINANCEsD THAT, IS BECAUSE WE CONCLUDED IT
THAT, IS BECAUSE WE CONCLUDED IT WAS A RISK WE WERE WILLING TO
WAS A RISK WE WERE WILLING TO TAKE.
TAKE. >> SO THE ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT
>> SO THE ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT TEAM AT WELLS FARGO SAID, GO
TEAM AT WELLS FARGO SAID, GO AHEAD, TAKE THE RISK.
AHEAD, TAKE THE RISK. KATIE PORTER PURSUED ANOTHER
KATIE PORTER PURSUED ANOTHER LINE OF TOUGH QUESTIONING IN
LINE OF TOUGH QUESTIONING IN THAT HEARING TODAY.
THAT HEARING TODAY. SAME KIND OF QUESTIONING YOU’VE
SAME KIND OF QUESTIONING YOU’VE SEEN REPEATEDLY.
SEEN REPEATEDLY. WE SHOWED YOU DIFFICULT
WE SHOWED YOU DIFFICULT QUESTIONING, INCLUDING THE
QUESTIONING, INCLUDING THE QUESTIONING OF A TRUMP OFFICIAL.
QUESTIONING OF A TRUMP OFFICIAL. KATIE PORTER IS THE FIRST
KATIE PORTER IS THE FIRST DEMOCRAT IN HISTORY TO BE
DEMOCRAT IN HISTORY TO BE ELECTED TO REPRESENT
ELECTED TO REPRESENT CALIFORNIA’S 45th CONGRESSIONAL
CALIFORNIA’S 45th CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT IN ORANGE COUNTY, A
DISTRICT IN ORANGE COUNTY, A COUNTY THAT NORMALLY VOTES
COUNTY THAT NORMALLY VOTES REPUBLICAN.
REPUBLICAN. TWO OF OUR PRESIDENTIAL
TWO OF OUR PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES HAVE HAD A HAND IN
CANDIDATES HAVE HAD A HAND IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF SHORTER
THE DEVELOPMENT OF SHORTER SHOERD.
SHOERD. >> SHE APPOINTED KATIE PORTER TO
>> SHE APPOINTED KATIE PORTER TO BE THE STATE’S INDEPENDENT
BE THE STATE’S INDEPENDENT MONITOR IN BANKS WITH A $25
MONITOR IN BANKS WITH A $25 MILLION LEDGE TO BUSINESSMEN.
MILLION LEDGE TO BUSINESSMEN. SENATOR ELIZABETH WARREN WAS A
SENATOR ELIZABETH WARREN WAS A PROFESSOR OF KATIE PORTER’S WHEN
PROFESSOR OF KATIE PORTER’S WHEN KATIE WAS A STUDENT AT PORTER
KATIE WAS A STUDENT AT PORTER LAW SCHOOL AND EVENTUALLY BECAME
LAW SCHOOL AND EVENTUALLY BECAME A COUNTRY FSO.
A COUNTRY FSO. IT WAS FROM HER POSITION AS A
IT WAS FROM HER POSITION AS A LAW SCHOOL PROFESSOR THAT SHE
LAW SCHOOL PROFESSOR THAT SHE DECIDED TO RUN FOR OFFICE.
DECIDED TO RUN FOR OFFICE. >> IF YOU WERE WASHING LAST
>> IF YOU WERE WASHING LAST NIGHT, YOU SAW CAN YOU SAY TIN
NIGHT, YOU SAW CAN YOU SAY TIN POR KEKE ASSESSMENT BUREAU, BHOD
POR KEKE ASSESSMENT BUREAU, BHOD NEVER HAD LD.
NEVER HAD LD. A SMALL LITTLE BOY OF FUSION
A SMALL LITTLE BOY OF FUSION THAT THE KOOSH
THAT THE KOOSH RIGHT IN.
RIGHT IN. TIMOTHY SLOANE.
TIMOTHY SLOANE. >> IN 2016, YOU SAID, QUOTE, I’M
>> IN 2016, YOU SAID, QUOTE, I’M FULLY COMMITTED TO TAKING THE
FULLY COMMITTED TO TAKING THE NECESSARY STEPS TO RESTORE OUR
NECESSARY STEPS TO RESTORE OUR CUSTOMERS’ REQUESTS.
CUSTOMERS’ REQUESTS. QUOTE, WE’VE ALREADY MADE
QUOTE, WE’VE ALREADY MADE PROGRESS IN RESTORING THE
PROGRESS IN RESTORING THE COMPANY’S THRUST, AND WE’VE
COMPANY’S THRUST, AND WE’VE REMAINED BEING CO MITTED TO AID
REMAINED BEING CO MITTED TO AID NUS QUOTE, RESTORING THE TRUST
NUS QUOTE, RESTORING THE TRUST AND THE TRUST OF ALL OUR STAKE
AND THE TRUST OF ALL OUR STAKE KEYHOLDERS ARE A PRIORITY.
KEYHOLDERS ARE A PRIORITY. >> THO STATEMENTS TO ME ARE
>> THO STATEMENTS TO ME ARE PRETTY VAGUE.
PRETTY VAGUE. THEY SOUND LIKE THEY’RE AFRAID
THEY SOUND LIKE THEY’RE AFRAID BEFORE THE, MR. SLOAN?
BEFORE THE, MR. SLOAN? >> SO IT’S SAFE THAT IS THAT THE
>> SO IT’S SAFE THAT IS THAT THE STATEMENTS YOU SDMAD CUSTOMERS
STATEMENTS YOU SDMAD CUSTOMERS AND INVESS DORZ RELY ON SEVEN
AND INVESS DORZ RELY ON SEVEN TECH.
TECH. THEN.
THEN. >> MR. SLOAN, ARE YOUR LAWYERS
>> MR. SLOAN, ARE YOUR LAWYERS IN FEDERAL COURT AURG EWING THAT
IN FEDERAL COURT AURG EWING THAT THE EXACT THAT’S I LELD.
THE EXACT THAT’S I LELD. >> I DON’T KNOW WHY OUR LAWYERS
>> I DON’T KNOW WHY OUR LAWYERS ARE ARGUING YET U. ASKED ME A.
ARE ARGUING YET U. ASKED ME A. YOU ASKED ME A DIRECT QUESTION
YOU ASKED ME A DIRECT QUESTION AND I’M SAYING IT’S ABSOLUTELY
AND I’M SAYING IT’S ABSOLUTELY CORRECT.
CORRECT. >> ARE YOU LYING TO A FEDERAL
>> ARE YOU LYING TO A FEDERAL JUDGE, OR ARE YOU LYING TO ME
JUDGE, OR ARE YOU LYING TO ME AND THIS CONGRESS RIGHT NOW AS
AND THIS CONGRESS RIGHT NOW AS TO WHETHER WE CAN RELY ON THOSE
TO WHETHER WE CAN RELY ON THOSE STATEMENTS?
STATEMENTS? >> NEITHER.
>> NEITHER. >> IT’S CONVENIENT FOR YOUR
>> IT’S CONVENIENT FOR YOUR LAWYERS TO DEFLECT BLAME IN
LAWYERS TO DEFLECT BLAME IN COURT AND SAY THAT YOUR
COURT AND SAY THAT YOUR REBROWNEDING CAMPAIGN HAS BEEN
REBROWNEDING CAMPAIGN HAS BEEN FOORED.
FOORED. ONE OF THESE CONSPIRACY.
ONE OF THESE CONSPIRACY. I THINK THAT’S THE DISCONNECT.
I THINK THAT’S THE DISCONNECT. IT HAS TROUBLE TESTING WORLD
IT HAS TROUBLE TESTING WORLD FARGO THAUCHLT CONGRESSMAN IS
FARGO THAUCHLT CONGRESSMAN IS JUNING IN THE SAME RAIN.
JUNING IN THE SAME RAIN. I KNOW WHEN THE MOST FRESHMEN IN
I KNOW WHEN THE MOST FRESHMEN IN THE HOUSE ARE TOLD, AFTER
THE HOUSE ARE TOLD, AFTER WAITING IN A HEARING ROOM WHERE
WAITING IN A HEARING ROOM WHERE SOME ARE BEING TOLD WHAT
SOME ARE BEING TOLD WHAT QUESTIONS BEFORE YOU’LL HEAD OFF
QUESTIONS BEFORE YOU’LL HEAD OFF INTO THE.
INTO THE. THEY DON’T DO MUCH TO MAKE SURE
THEY DON’T DO MUCH TO MAKE SURE THEIR CONSTITUENTS SAY SOMETHING
THEIR CONSTITUENTS SAY SOMETHING YOU WANT TO HEAR, BUT THEY DON’T
YOU WANT TO HEAR, BUT THEY DON’T BOTHER WITH IT BECAUSE THEY
BOTHER WITH IT BECAUSE THEY DON’T KNOW THAT IT HAPPENED
DON’T KNOW THAT IT HAPPENED WITHIN FIVE MINUTES.
WITHIN FIVE MINUTES. >> CULL OFF TRUMP
>> CULL OFF TRUMP ADMINISTRATIONS LIKE THAT.
ADMINISTRATIONS LIKE THAT. >> I THINK I DID.
>> I THINK I DID. FROM BEING AN AHN.
FROM BEING AN AHN. ARE THEY PREPARED FOR CLASS?
ARE THEY PREPARED FOR CLASS? HAVE THEY MASTERED THIS CONCEPT.
HAVE THEY MASTERED THIS CONCEPT. I THINK NOW THEY’RE ASKS THESE
I THINK NOW THEY’RE ASKS THESE SERVICES.
SERVICES. ACTUALLY REAL ESTATE GOOD FOR
ACTUALLY REAL ESTATE GOOD FOR FRPGS FOFR CON ZES SDPLZ I’VE
FRPGS FOFR CON ZES SDPLZ I’VE LD.
LD. >> YOU’RE TAKING THOSE SERIOUS.
>> YOU’RE TAKING THOSE SERIOUS. SOMETIMES YOU WILL HAVE TWO
SOMETIMES YOU WILL HAVE TWO CLEARING DETAILS FUNDRAISING AND
CLEARING DETAILS FUNDRAISING AND SPENDING A TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF
SPENDING A TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF OUR DAYS FUNDRAISING.
OUR DAYS FUNDRAISING. IT SEEMS THIS CLOCK MAY NOT BE
IT SEEMS THIS CLOCK MAY NOT BE THERE ARE REAL CONCERNS ABOUT
THERE ARE REAL CONCERNS ABOUT WHAT’S HAPPENING IN WASHINGTON.
WHAT’S HAPPENING IN WASHINGTON. HOW CAN WE DRAUD.
HOW CAN WE DRAUD. SO TOOLS THAT WE EVER TO.
SO TOOLS THAT WE EVER TO. LISTENING TO WITNESSES.
LISTENING TO WITNESSES. I FEEL FORTUNATE THAT I COME IN
I FEEL FORTUNATE THAT I COME IN WITH A BIG BINDER.
WITH A BIG BINDER. I READ TWO OR THREE AN
I READ TWO OR THREE AN PARTICULARS EXCEPT HAPPY.
PARTICULARS EXCEPT HAPPY. >> WHAT NOT FOMG EP, THE SPRIK
>> WHAT NOT FOMG EP, THE SPRIK MUCH MUCH AS A MEMBER OF
MUCH MUCH AS A MEMBER OF CONGRESS, AND BN THE STAFF WORLD
CONGRESS, AND BN THE STAFF WORLD OF CLIENTS, THAT’S THE TAETLY
OF CLIENTS, THAT’S THE TAETLY THE.
THE. >> AND IN GENERAL SNOOT OR HOW
>> AND IN GENERAL SNOOT OR HOW MEMBERS.
MEMBERS. WE TEXTED YOUR OWN TEXTBOOK WHO.
WE TEXTED YOUR OWN TEXTBOOK WHO. >> NO, I THINK THAT’S WHY HE
>> NO, I THINK THAT’S WHY HE CAME, AND HE CAME TO THE FRESH
CAME, AND HE CAME TO THE FRESH DID KNOW OPINION IT.
DID KNOW OPINION IT. WHETHER IT’S WORKING A JOB IN
WHETHER IT’S WORKING A JOB IN FINANCE, WORKING IT’S ECHB,
FINANCE, WORKING IT’S ECHB, WHATEVER IT IS, THAT REESH
WHATEVER IT IS, THAT REESH ENGAGE WITH WHAT’S GOING ON.
ENGAGE WITH WHAT’S GOING ON. >> I CAN’T.
>> I CAN’T. HE WANTS TO GIVE ME THE LOOK OF
HE WANTS TO GIVE ME THE LOOK OF OUG
OUG OUG.
OUG. >> THE EUROPE COMMITTEE HAS
>> THE EUROPE COMMITTEE HAS MARKED THAT UTES USE SFMPLS AND
MARKED THAT UTES USE SFMPLS AND ON THE EXAMINATION OF DEUTSCH
ON THE EXAMINATION OF DEUTSCH BANK IN RELATION TO INTERESTING
BANK IN RELATION TO INTERESTING AND CLEARED THAT IT
AND CLEARED THAT IT TRANSFERABLE.
TRANSFERABLE. I’M DEFINITELY GOING TO COME
I’M DEFINITELY GOING TO COME READY WITH QUESTIONS WHEN IT
READY WITH QUESTIONS WHEN IT HAPPENS.
HAPPENS. I THINK WE’LL SEE THE DLAEJ TO
I THINK WE’LL SEE THE DLAEJ TO BUY.
BUY. THEN AT THE, A REALLY IMPORTANT
THEN AT THE, A REALLY IMPORTANT PART OF THE SDERNZ WE HAVE FROM
PART OF THE SDERNZ WE HAVE FROM THIS DISDRIT
THIS DISDRIT FROM
THIS DISDRIT FROM THIS DISDRIT
SHE GAVE AN INTERVIEW THAT WAS
SHE GAVE AN INTERVIEW THAT WAS ACTUALLY GIVEN TO THE
ACTUALLY GIVEN TO THE "WASHINGTON POST" LEAK AND IT RE
"WASHINGTON POST" LEAK AND IT RE REHEIR SPOL.
REHEIR SPOL. CHBT ONLY THAT, BY PATTERSON
CHBT ONLY THAT, BY PATTERSON SBTS IN EAT.
SBTS IN EAT. .
. AND CAN EX HUDS CONFIDENCE IN
AND CAN EX HUDS CONFIDENCE IN THE SPEAKERER DMOR BHAT TAKING
THE SPEAKERER DMOR BHAT TAKING EM EYE, NONPROHOSTE.
EM EYE, NONPROHOSTE. >> BUT I THINK IT WAS BRAVE
>> BUT I THINK IT WAS BRAVE ENOUGH HE HAD A DUTY TAKE WHAT,
ENOUGH HE HAD A DUTY TAKE WHAT, THEY LOOKEDLY BASH FOR-BUT YOU
THEY LOOKEDLY BASH FOR-BUT YOU ARE TEACHING HESHTS TO THERE